Be honest on your resume. 
Most companies will ask you questions about your resume, and they can tell if you made it up. It’s better to be able to know 100% about one project than to know 10% about 10 different projects.

One-page resumes are recommended. This is especially true for tech companies, and it seems that the wisdom within the tech sphere is that you should reserve two pages and longer for post-doctoral work, or if you’ve done a lot of projects that you know and care deeply about. A friend of mine runs a company called Jobscan that scans resumes and makes specific, actionable improvements on them. They’re pretty awesome, so try them out :)

Socialize and establish a network.

 There’s a lot of competition for software engineering jobs, and these top tech companies are filtering through thousands of resumes a day. Having a referral will help you get some eyes on your resume.

Nail your pitch.

 Every company that’s interested in you wants to know why you’re interested in them. A bad answer: I just need a job right now to pay bills. A less-bad answer: I was browsing online and found you guys. Sounds like you’re working on interesting things. A good answer: I know you’re doing some interesting work in X to achieve Y. I’ve done some work in the past and here’s what I learned about A, B, C that might be related to X. I am passionate about Y because blah. (Don’t use this as a template. Instead, you should see the pattern here — do your research, use your background, and show the company why both of you would fit well together.)


***Most of the time, you don't need 100s of Apps on your phone to be productive. A pen and a notebook is usually all you need to form good learning habits.***



https://www.scotthyoung.com/blog/Programs/GetMoreFromLife.pdf

JoshKaufman.net
PersonalMBA.com



If you want to explore the topic of learning more, here are some of the books I recommend in no particular order:

Seth Godin - The Dip

Rober Greene - Mastery

Josh Waitzkin - The Art of Learning

Shane Snow - Smartcuts

Ryan Holiday - Obstacle is the Way

Barbara Oakley - Learning How to Learn

Matthew Walker - Why We Sleep

Anders Ericsson - Peak

Daniel Kahneman - Thinking Fast and Slow

Charles Duhigg - The Power of Habit

Brian Tracy - Eat that Frog!

Joshua Foer - Moonwalking With Einstein

Cal Newport - Deep Work

Cal Newport - So Good They Can’t Ignore You

Neil Strauss - Emergency

Scott Adams - How to fail at almost everything and still win big

Daniel Pink - Drive

Scott Young - Ultralearning

Tim Ferris - All books

Josh Kaufman - The first 20 hours

Steven Pinker- How the Mind Works

Peter Brown, Henry Roediger & Mark McDaniel - Make it Stick

Kevin Horsely - Unlimited Memory

Carol Dweck - Mindset

Robert Maurer Ph.D. - Kaizen

James Clear - Atomic Habits





hello , ankur  i was  trying to improve myself n  starting a career , i was recent graduate. am doing things but much productive , i coudln't figure out which task am goona do first at which point of time. spending time on personal development somtimes it is much needed and may  be i should do something which ill create some money!  So i want to do this bit properly  so  it  made me purchase this course.